hello my friend this is a macabre
welcome to the love center and today
we're gonna make together a quick
smoothie
okay this again is for Sophia's
breakfast and so what I'm gonna do is
I'm gonna take I was going to be form
just a two bananas basically when you
make this high energy smoothie this is
probably the most economical smoothie in
the history of mankind also one of the
most long-lasting energy smoothies for
the day bananas really hold your energy
you don't mean so when you add these
oranges with the fiber and then you add
the bananas you've just got a wonderful
smoothie it's orange banana smoothie
can't go wrong with that you couldn't
make it Orange Julius
and add a little bit of vanilla being if
you wanted we don't have any today but
orange banana is a great smoothie okay
almost going to be double the race show
up two oranges
two bananas or or two oranges per banana
basically of the medium size oranges I'm
going to add another one because I've
won I realized that there may be someone
who has not seen one of my 1,300 videos
on YouTube now and they may not have
ever seen me cut an orange when you do
the smoothie you want to take off as
much of the white part as possible the
white part has some bitter parts in it
if you want your smoothie to taste good
then you'll take off as much of the
white pith as possible so I cut the top
now I'm going to cut the bottom okay now
I've got a platform boom and it's flat
now I'm just going to cut around the
edge starting at the meat of the orange
and cut off as much of the white part as
I can without losing too much of the
orange and I just go around and cut them
in a circle now this takes some practice
when you first start doing it you cut up
like half the oranges
like that so practice going around with
the sharp knife make sure your knife is
nice and sharp
oh there you go okay so I've got four or
five oranges actually today put the
oranges in first and then you can put
the bananas in next yummy this is a
great way to start your day and to have
sustained energy and make it to lunch
for sure okay fruits and vegetables now
let me grab my lid here
off to get a little shake
[Music]
okay so Sofia likes a little bit of ice
in her smoothie so I'm gonna go here to
the ice machine that's the first device
back to the smoothie that begins an
option
[Music]
there you go a nice smoothie than you
thought you can either you can put it in
a jar your storage later see now this
smoothie would last I wouldn't really
take a smoothie one like 24 hours juices
seem tend to last a little bit more than
the smoothie
you take that there in your white lid
and you can put this in the I might even
put this in for lunch for later right
now because this is a quite bit of
smoothie here and then I'll give her a
little black and if you really want to
make someone happen you can get a
smoothie then you can take a nice little
slice of orange here kids love this kind
of stuff you know what I mean
this isn't the best lunch for this it's
not the prettiest but anyways you know
that didn't work out like I was hoping
but anyways here we go I'm gonna use
this this half better there we go
make it nice and pretty that visual
effect adds a lot okay thank you very
much if you want more recipes you can go
down and click on the links below this
video also get ready for blending
mastery and they'll be launching in a
couple months it's blending masteries
and epic DVD we took it to a new level
this is going to be a two disc DVD set
and it's got 40 recipes on it's soups
salad dressings smoothies of all
different types 40 different recipes how
to use a blender to eat more fresh
fruits and vegetables salad dressings
and soups delicious foods easy you're
gonna love it so keep your eyes peeled
for blending mastery I believe that
we're gonna launch that sometime in
March if I'm not mistaken so thank you
very much for your time today enjoy the
smoothie enjoy your life
eat lots and lots and lots of fresh
fruits and vegetables thank you